Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/references/display-options/format-tracing.md

s6,s3,t2,5,2200,db,foo
```

> The following UQL query will produce a trace view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following UQL query produces a trace view:
```
